# Dojo Design Meeting

<dl>
    <dt>Date</dt>
    <dd>16 February 2016 @ 17:00 GMT / 09:00 PST</dd>
</dl>

|Attendees|
|---------|
|kitsonk|
|dylanks|
|bitranch|

## Agenda

* Status of Dojo 1.11 - *Dylan*
  * What is remaining?
  * Who needs to do what?
  * *Release Date?*
* [dojo/compose](https://github.com/dojo/compose)
  * @maier49 has been looking at [SitePen/dgrid](https://github.com/SitePen/dgrid) and how `dojo/compose` fits
* @tomdye has joined SitePen and first task is getting [dojo/loader](http://github.com/dojo/loader) Beta ready
* SitePen is using `dojo-core`/`dojo-loader` on a customer project which has helped shake out a few things.  There is another alpha release.
* `dojo/widgets` will get attention soon, proposal coming

### Status Details

[See Status Table](https://github.com/dojo/meta#status)

## Notes

[Transcript](https://botbot.me/freenode/dojo-meeting/2016-02-16/)

* *Dylan* Plan to release 1.11RC this week
* *Dylan* One week release for the RC and if there is sufficient testing and no major issues, release of 1.11 a week later
* *Kit* I bet we would like to have dojo/typings ready for announcement then too?
* *Dylan* Ideally
* *Kit* Ok, I will try to make time for @bitranch's pull requests
* *Bill* I might have another PR soon
* *Kit* Great, thanks!
* *Kit* discussed dojo/compose, dojo/loader, dojo/core and dojo/widgets as above
* *Kit* AOB? - None
