# Dojo Design Meeting

<dl>
    <dt>Date</dt>
    <dd>12 January 2016 @ 17:00 GMT / 09:00 PST</dd>
</dl>

|Attendees|
|---------|
|kitsonk|
|dylanks|
|pdfernhout|
|gavinr_|

## Agenda

* *Apologies, none...*

### Status Details

[See Status Table](https://github.com/dojo/meta#status)

## Notes

[Transcript](https://botbot.me/freenode/dojo-meeting/2016-01-26/?msg=58711894&page=1)

* *Dylan* - Trying to wrap up the final 1.11 issues
* *Dylan* - Lots of risks because automated tests are failing
* *Kit* - How does it compare to 1.10
* *Dylan* - No Intern suites for 1.10, but seems to be better than 1.10
* *Kit* - I think Dylan's e-mail was clear on the Dojo 1.11 plan
* *Kit* - dgrid team feeding back on dojo/compose, need to revisit part of the API (see [dojo/compose#22](https://github.com/dojo/compose/issues/22))
* *Kit* - alphas for [dojo/loader](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dojo-loader) and [dojo/core](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dojo-core) are on npm, focusing on trying to get them to beta release quality.
* *Kit* - progress on enhancements being supported with TypeScript team, will make a list for tracking
* *Kit* - AOB?
* *Paul F* - We should look at mithril for vdom
* *Kit* - Yes Paul Buchoun was looking at that in relationship to [dojo/meta#11](https://github.com/dojo/meta/issues/11)
